---
title: "AI Transparency Statement"
description: "AI content policy"

cascade:
  showDate: false
  showAuthor: false
  showSummary: false
  invertPagination: true
---

Nowadays AI is everywhere. While there are many useful scenarios for its usage the internet feels bland since major platforms are more and more made up of AI-generated content. For some parts of this blog I'm using AI as well and I'd like to point out where a reader can expect original content and what has been generated by AI:

* **Blog posts:** 100% of my blog posts have been written by me. Every word has gone through my head into the keyboard. English isn't my mother tongue and certainly there are parts that could've been written in a better way - but it is how it is. This blog is authentic and reflects my experiences and opinions, not ones made up by some reddit-trained AI model.
* **Images and Design:** I'm not a designer, but I like to have a decent aesthetic. The overall design of the blog is coming from the [Hugo Congo Theme](https://github.com/jpanther/congo) I'm using. Thumbnails for the blog posts and some of the images displayed within the articles are generated using AI though. I'm simply not good enough with Inkscape, Gimp or Blender to create media that would be fine for me to publish here.
* **Content:** I mainly write about software development, DevOps and related topics. While everything you're reading has been written by myself I'm using AI to work on software code or configurations. I used cursor.ai to help write NBAGrid for example. I used Codeium to write some of the scripts I've posted about in the early days.

I hope with this statement I'm making transparent what to expect and what not from my blog.